we get to know real talk you
just watch the newest episode of
wicked tuna and now it's time
for wicked tuna
real talk we're in England's
most wicked bluefin captain
share their thoughts on the
latest episodes my name is mike
so happy to be your host once
again joining us this week we've
got three of the best captain TJ
on the Hot Tuna captain Tyler
McLaughlin a pinwheel and
Captain Paul Ebert of the
Kellyanne guys thank you all for
being with me what a week
efficient it was hot too and i
have its best trip this season
landing three fish pinwheels
deck and travis browne
constituted by himself
last week a very frustrated
Tyler push Travis to the ground
in the middle of a fish fight it
wasn't clear if Travis was gonna
stick around Tyler easy only guy
you've got right now how worried
were you that he wasn't gonna
come back but really not that
worried about it because I don't
get it done by myself getting
the day there's like 20 kids
pounding on the boat on the dock
ready to go for humble 40
minutes
come on any services that he did
you good little credit
one more how did I don't think I
didn't give him credit I was so
stoked to Travis got this
fishing he did everyone says you
know open with those two mates
that I don't know it's because
I've been looking for the right
one and i finally found the
right one but you have to be at
least a little nervous that
after you shoved the kid he
wasn't gonna come back a little
bit but I mean at the same time
you know I knew like where his
head was and where's mentality
wasn't like you kind of yeah
there's gonna be ups and downs
there's times when I work for TJ
where I wanted to get off the
boat and what I see you stay on
it wednesday fishing used to beg
me to go do that many times as
you want to release dr. I was
pretty upset i don't know how i
am using quit school lie to me
go fishing again already
that's great dad alright well
look we weren't sure whether or
not Travis was gonna come back
he seems a little bit unsure as
to whether or not he truly
wanted to we know Tyler
apologized at least kind of
let's relive what happened prior
how you doing man you ready to
fish today or what I guess so
hopefully uh hopefully have a
better trip in last time more
fish unless it's very hard for
me to apologize to Travis
because there's a captain what I
did was not wrong because we
caught the fish
I gotta go back to having fun
and like loving what i'm doing
and doing this without pressure
did we do this because it's a
passion
you gotta have fun while you do
what you want to go i'm gonna be
miserable the whole time you
don't mean mean old salty that's
what I'm gonna call you from now
on you stick with me ride this
adam telling you I'm gonna lead
to the promised land catch a lot
attendants yeah it don't let it
happen again
don't push me push you back
right DJ Paul start with you TJ
does that count as a as a proper
apology i understand x position
you know he wants to the kids to
know that he's the captain so he
doesn't want to come off too
easy on Paul would you think of
the development of talent and
the need to apologize there i
think the kids amazing for
someone like that to come back i
mean i want you guys been
friends not that long I remember
45 minutes in ocean city is that
you want to get ready but he has
got it you know few people like
that he's leaving you with his
age just starting
actually when I was to change
doing as I Sandro there's not
many obvious so you should be
lucky to have I don't think
Talan wants to have too much
though not be able to know what
that's like this and you can
have it when you earn it but
they come on when I got on your
boat is to think I was like
unstoppable when you broke me
down and maybe starting off at
the bottom and then you make
built me up Thailand decides
that hard on you you're pretty
horny manual Hollywood pretty
hard on me that's kind of the
interesting dynamic me however
you wanted yeah that's the same
thing you know when Travis
thinks you know it doesn't stink
you know he's got to work his
way up in the realm he's got to
earn it you guys have all
actually worked for each other
right all you've been on TJ's
bhopal you work for Tyler when
you guys were in North Carolina
together okay so what would you
have done if Tyler and pushed
you at that point
knocked him out and I don't
think I went too far
like I wanted to not real 420 .
push down and Tyler how would
you react if TJ push you back in
the day I probably end up
overboard so i would try to get
back into but it was just like
in the spare of the moment on
the fish he wanted another
travel didn't mean to god he's
turned the wrong way and I just
want to position the boat is
also just get out of the way I
still move the boat because
official circle he's going to
get cut off by the runner if we
move the boat so ultimately we
did see you let him go he was
sleeping
you said hey we need bait you
took off left him alone with the
boat
let's all see what happens
definitely marketing one where
are you
Tyler going to be found
oh man it's great they're
catching bait i'm catching
students I can't lose this thing
now and so close to catching
gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta
got him it seemed like kind of a
test for him at this point how
do you think he did with his
test he couldn't pass that much
better than that he passed with
flying colors are getting
straight A's across-the-board
I'm proud of him he did exactly
what I expected I expected to
come back i had no idea was
going to come back to be an
80-inch hanging outside but I
expected balloons to be out must
be actively fishing and I was
going to be happy with that just
to see the tuna fish makes me
proud of the fact that he can
get it done not get off the
anchor and be by himself just
shows you the caliber fisherman
he did really made me proud that
day you know he pretty much
anchored himself on board
depending on the issue here was
bait though is he supposed to be
fishing for bait first or did
you get instant rebate at night
but he decided to take a little
bit of a nap you missed the
window to catch baby so I had to
go try and salvage some bait out
deep water but you know we did
have a few Bates we just didn't
have enough you know to get
through the day
TJ you got a couple of guys on
your boat would you would you
ever leave them i mean yeah i
could trust shared Michael for
sure i know i could i mean i
think that was amazing with the
kids that personnel on there
well I'm grateful you've been
with for a while they just said
you don't even have to say it
they instinctively know if you
are off of ya lookin for bait
and bait goes by they're going
to run in grab rod you don't
tell them anything they just
know w seem pretty darn happy
when you hear back to the boat
you see the 80 inch tuna hanging
off the side how surprised were
you though I'm super surprised
he's like at first I'd like you
know some people talking the
radio that there was something
going on my boat and I don't
know what's happening I thought
maybe he just couldn't find me
or something that I fell
overboard didn't get my note
I don't know what happened but
when I came back and I saw the
fish are stoked because that's a
good thing for someone have
happened in their life I mean
catch a bluefin by yourself
he not get online and dead body
especially greenhouse doing this
is very impressive man that's
getting kids just one week
removed from getting thrown to
the ground
you know he's he's gotta back
ringer on my vote there's no
doubt about my imagined when I
when we were first watching this
that we were going to see him
not get the note was going to be
like some like backwards comedy
like a Charlie Chaplin comedy
and he's looking around friend
he heads into town because he
figures you're dead and they
call the Coast Guard or
something so I was glad to see
always well that ended well I
was just happy that you know he
did what he needed to do is a
fisherman and he took initiative
to calculate the big things away
initiative to put the bait so
did you catch any bait while
you're out there
yeah we came back with bait but
didn't really didn't eat it yet
it needed about you know we need
to get the rest of the trip was
good how hard is it to catch
that fish solo to you
I mean you got you got four guys
with you most of the time well I
won't let me anywhere anytime
you get your fish by yourself
it's it's a huge accomplishment
but i think it's even more so in
this case because he's a
greenhorn yeah I'm saying you
need to be having choices that
can totally throw a harpoon or
get a fish out of that size
probably only one with tyler
this year so for him to pull
that off I mean it's really
impressive i think the kid I've
been a good when I wanna change
religions all you
I mean I know like I'm and
whatnot but like seriously like
I like trying to make them
understand what we're doing
because the easier it is for me
to make him so he understands
what we're doing the easier it
is on my back that's what you
don't know see Jerry he's great
and all but I've yelled at him
I've screens i throw him to the
ground to just like that you
have to teaching my that's a
total lie
I didn't think that's all
nothing about that sunday and
our like this and I'm sure you
and Jared have had your times
out there man course also this
week we saw Hot Tuna have its
best fishing trip so far this
season the guys landed three
fish out on fippennies ledge
earn more than 14 thousand
dollars it was a very different
story though onboard fishing
vessel tuna.com with the guys
were struggling all week on
Stellwagen bank and one . we saw
. com gave even sharing his
frustration with TJ over the
radio and right in the middle of
the conversation
Hot Tuna hooks up with their
second fish let's check it out
you see you around
wow that he's on a better life
than I yeah Harvey certainly
build a four-day right now but
there's nothing more important
than for the Hot Tuna the land
mr. he just got it against you
also got done talking
I gotta get you know get you
don't get it yeah come on let's
go make it
yeah
yes yes we need that all right
well Tyler obviously you and
Dave had quite the history this
year we saw the fight back at
the docks of how do you react
when you see him frustrated like
that little extra sense of
satisfaction
yeah it totally you know
commerce starting to bite him in
the ass and it's deserving and
I'm glad that he's struggling
and I hope it continues to
struggle douchebag com 000 black
but thinks he's perfect he
thinks he's mr. perfection in to
see him struggle is a good thing
and TJ on the other hand it was
about as good as it gets for
your however houses are you
literally only warning
I felt like actually was doing
for a second which is amazing it
you know blind squirrel finds in
that we just happen to find
three that day so let's see
beyond that I mean in the past
sometimes you see a lot of chaos
on your boat is the tunas on its
way and it felt like you guys
are a little more harm ya what
take my boat to is what you
really can't see times it's very
high off the water and you know
we fish have your line so we get
the fish up a lot of times
they're green and you really
have to reach out to get that
gaff him and stuff but erratic
dark shots
yeah the guys did a great job
this week everything kind of
went the way it should and we
have that with three beautiful
fish
well we know you've always had a
very good working relationship
with dot com you guys have been
friends for a long long time you
got your three fish dave was
clearly struggling and so we
asked you for a little help
here's what happened socks
part of the state game we play
man
I hate chasing the bite right
now I'm in a last resort
situation I have to get some
Intel as to where the fish are
DJ what happened we got three
fish gonna get away
there you go now we can't get it
together their debut ready i'll
give you the numbers we call
three fish now away down there
still don't get it was
officially day maybe only thing
good just that anymore voice
alright alright babe are ABT
Jace tuna gods will help me out
that's over out here Tiffany's
is a long way but at this point
I need efficient one and I need
to save fuel
you know TJ I know there's a lot
of secrecy out there in the
water and yet here you were
sharing with dot com why I mean
in that moment I've got three
fish onboard and I want an
incredible high you know i mean
i-i this there's not much more I
could really be happier about so
i hear it in his voice he's down
he's out and it really it's
nothing specifically about that
comment could have been Paul
have been Tyler I would have
done that for anyone i mean i
don't know yeah alright likes
you know look for it to be
reciprocated back my way
hey I'm a firm believer in karma
and doing the right thing and
and that's what i was doing
right there it always seems like
you're playing the long game and
and politic you know a bit about
that as well you've been in this
fishery for a long time yourself
how important is that that
networking element the
networking element is huge i did
not have that last year I had a
different boat different crew
everything I was battling all
across the board but i'm just
happy i got it together with
these guys networking suit from
Tiffany's ledge all the way to
Provincetown where we fish all
the way to the Catalan main is
very big
there's a lot of people you need
a good network of people to work
with
perhaps and TJ's got I mean they
have days where I was fishing up
in Maine you know fishing baits
it and the next day i'm flying
kites of a p-town croissants are
you betting right here if you
don't get that phone call could
be Ted I mean I going at the
corner and everyone was calling
me because there wasn't any fish
around at that we know Tyler
even at your age we we've seen
you a couple of times this year
jump over to a friend's boat
even in this episode say hey
I'm gonna go off with my buddy
here to go catch some bait you
seem to know which wich boats in
the fleet you can rely on for
help
yeah well I didn't roll too far
from this tree over here you
know i'm saying i totally
understand the importance of a
network and I got dropped on my
own trying to build my own
network of people very important
super important you know this is
what we do know what we love to
do we also saw Dave say hey you
know thank you I really
appreciate it TJ says right
after he gives them the numbers
you know I assume that he's
gonna reciprocate knowing what
you know of Dave what do you
think happens next is never
going to return the favor okay
Whitney when Dave's out fishing
it's all about Dave and Dave
catchin fish he's been lying to
people for years and years and
years making everyone think that
he's their friend and he's
really just trying to gain
information like a leech
I hear he's coming from and I
get it and he does have a
reputation of that I just hope
that you know i'm not one of
those statistics with him he
doesn't burn me you'll get
burned out on your long way nice
line is sometimes burned
everyone in the industry doing
if he burns me that it's shame
on him and all i have to say is
what is work for you used to
refer to the guys to know don't
come and we even pay attention
the guy he was a joke
well he smoked a slasher your
respect well TJ you also said
that there's a fisherman's code
right you expect that's how I
was raised me that you know that
what is that come it's just kind
of a high-seas courtesy if
you're leaving a spot guy needs
a bucket of bait or the guy
needs anything some food some
milk some war bread I mean you
know you always should let the
helping hand and look for that
double anybody any one of us one
any kind of trouble
Dave would be the Irish what all
would have been there we all
would be there everyone would be
there that's the Mariners code
anyone's gonna help anyone if
there was its any sort of
distress signal made i'm talking
about straight up tuna fishing
i'm gonna give him the benefit
of the doubt until burns but
that's alright this week we saw
a ton of action but also saw
some boats that were waiting
around for a bite on the
Kellyanne Paul and the guys were
there and the guys were keeping
busy by cleaning the boat and
working out of course let's say
this is now the workout area
all in the fish and taking naps
Kenny and I stayed in shape for
me and the big one
I'm glad to have you on the boat
you know help Fred sure yeah i
was gonna love you
we don't hook up this could be
out back up their hot bodies by
Kenny and moral tuna fishing is
physically demanding when you
look at human I want to look
good and I want to stay in shape
so yeah I do a little workout i
may be sleeping right now but
when that line goes off
I'm like a ninja of always ready
and looking dude
my wife's feeling good morrow
online to thank you are Paul
obviously you missed that
because i have never seen
anything we didn't see this when
he was over now has generally
been the corner while these guys
turn it into a chancy gym you
know you can force a list of my
ID at the polls crew in the
fleet is cool i guess they gotta
look good you know they're not
rely on tuna so they got video
is hot man I gotta be honest I
guess what operations that over
there
all right well maybe you
shouldn't be checking lines make
sure the balloons are ok yeah
charm be like a job being out
some online should never sleep
i'm getting my abs one right
away
you've never seen anybody work
out when she wakes up this
dogfish on every Robert hey we
got a great workout shocked to
think i'm gonna be only a
working out right father made
pursuant you're sitting there
forever all you're doing is
sitting around eating and
waiting for fish why would you
do a workout
how would they know their market
they're out back to it crunches
anything could have a DVD out of
hardbodies by morrow and Kenny
and I don't even know about it
hey if it brings money onto the
boat what are you can its money
for more than a year like that
yeah you know I'm done anything
to make money on the Kelley at
this point so boredom can
clearly get to you guys out
there so what do I know your
workout feed 10 yeah I work for
to keep yourself him . i'm going
on i write columns haikus
yeah what's the best haiku to
please call my I want to kill
you I i think now I I'm fishing
I i I'm worried about you today
I'm not losing the only anchor
the bridal I mean one of the
birds doing that is wicked to a
real talk for this week wanna
give a big thank you to all
three of these guys TJ ott of
hot too and a captain Tyler
McLaughlin of pinwheel and of
course captain Paul eburg of
kelly and you can catch every
one of the Real Talk episodes by
going to NatGeo dot-com / real
talk will be back once again
next week right after another
all-new episode of wicked tuna
next sunday night
pm on national geographic
channel on next week's episode
the competition changes forever
when one captain burns a bridge
and earned himself a new enemy
TJ and Paul be back again next
week
captain Dave Carraro fishing
vessel tuna.com will be here as
well course you can get your
wicked tuna fix by liking us on
facebook follow us on twitter to
get daily updates we will see
you next time on wicked tuna
real talk